Alright! This concludes a section of
the course on developing RESTful APIs
using Spring WebFlux. So, we've got a
good solid foundation here of developing
those APIs, and like I said, in this section
of the course, we wanted to focus on the
API built around or the compatibility
with Spring MVC. So, we're using a lot
of the same annotations, that we did
in Spring MVC. But, rather than having
Spring MVC, we use the WebFlux client
and all reactive. So, Spring MVC is not
under the covers. Even though we are
using these same annotations, it's just a
compatibility layer, and it gives us a
lot of similarity in the APIs. Now, at
some point in the future, I am going to
record another section of the course on
WebFlux, but we are going to focus on
the functional API, which is really cool.
We are going to get into that, and we'll
set up RESTful APIs using the functional
APIs, which is much different and not
supported over in Spring MVC right now.
As far as I know, it was not supported
yet. But, with a future release of Spring
5, that could very well come to play. But
I hope you enjoyed this section of the
course. You can see the capabilities here
and the similarity. So, if you're coming
from traditional Spring MVC and want to
try out the WebFlux Client in
developing the traditional controller
and the annotations that we've become
accustomed to, you got a lot of
compatibility there between the two APIs.
So, it's a really nice approach that the
Spring guys did in enabling this new
web stack called Spring WebFlux.